[+] Add TLL1122 (#269)
one-among-us/data: people/TLL1122/page.en.md

---
name: Tian Lulu
info:
    alias: TLL, Lulu
    location: Guangdong, China
---

> "This is Tian Lulu, wish you be happy every day!  
> 
> Lulu loves you!"

## Introduction  

> Tian Lulu was a popular *League of Legends* streamer active on platforms like Bilibili and Huya, with a large fan base.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tian Lulu was a popular *League of Legends* streamer active on platforms like Bilibili and Huya, with a large number of followers.
```
